um for our viewers at home I just
started the recording Porsha is typing
today so we'll try to remember to say
the thing she says so this doesn't make
no sense when you watch the video later
likely when I kick us off is this link
again to the notes yeah yeah let's just
do a quick round of updates I haven't
done anything
nothing nothing on community stuff
really other than we did some pairing on
protocol I guess yeah I've just been
I've been doing this method collection
stuff I'm gonna be consistent and then
also prepared a talk to give last night
that I then had to cancel on because my
dog dental appointment went like hours
and hours over so unfortunate yeah I
have slides for a great talk on I feel D
some day yeah I well with a for Michael
as you mentioned have been I feel like
I'm actually kind of plugging away now
on this file tutorial would people like
to see just a quick look at the
interface sneak preview yeah yeah so the
piece of this interface that's new is
the top part of the exercise box here so
when you've seen it in the past it's
only had the exercise that you can do
because we're now building some lessons
that will require you to kind of get
files in there pretend that your browser
is computing your computer and do some
things with them to get them into ipfs
we need a way to upload files so we now
have this interface which you can use
either to select or drag and drop to get
a file or more than one file in there
and we have it
locks from submission to make a
validation easier this way we can narrow
the potential problems down to just the
code that you've written and not also
whether or not you uploaded files and
then it also if you try to drag a folder
will block you because we can't quite
get the data we need to know the
difference between the folder and file
like get the contents of it if we hit
that way so that's other than that like
the format of the way you do this is the
same you're just gonna know well yes I'm
gonna file first so a lot of the work
right now has been just building out the
structure Michael did a lot to build
like a new template and if you that
supports the structure and then I've
been working on the UX for it and then
we need some actual content that will
teach you how to add files which is a
lot of me kind of learning as I go but
that's the kind of sneak preview of that
interface and that's the next big
tutorial that we're expecting on this
site is that one about using the file
API as opposed to just the dag API that
we talked about so far so that's yeah
that's the biggest thing I've been doing
I've been making some progress I'm
planning for offline camp for getting a
little closer to having a menu and oh
highlight two people on this call it
only affects Porsche will but it will
affect some people who watch the video
and this meeting is scheduled in the US
so we are about to change like a
daylight savings thing this weekend here
a few weeks before it changes in your
app so the next few weeks if you don't
live in the u.s. the call will be an
hour earlier than you're expecting it to
be and the ipfs calendar is the place to
look and make sure that you know what
time it actually is so just a heads up
that you can stay up Leslie
work Leslie into your evening Porsche
for a little while
with with the for school stuff it's like
I feel like we've we finally hit a nice
stride we're within the constraints of
the browser security model we have like
a nice workflow for doing a tutorial on
file uploads I think like we're really
fighting with the browser security model
I mean for good reasons they are very
particular about getting file content
off of your hard drive and not like
allowing you to do it without particular
interactions but we walked that
lunchroom actually I wish that there was
a better solution for folders but there
really isn't right now like cro the only
browser that can do anything with them
as chrome you can actually read into the
contents a little bit but like it's a
non-standard api i did ask about it on
the GUI teams call and they have I think
figured it out but it's complicated
enough that they suggest not using it
unless we get to a point where we feel
like we need to based on what we need
people to do within the lesson so they
like our approach of just not allowing
it for right now but if we do find if we
need it they can give us points in the
right direction it sounds like yeah I
mean also particularly like I think on
the GUI team they I think they have some
code that also runs an electron as well
and like an electron in electron you can
actually like go and read and everything
like you have full permissions as well
so like but yeah it's just it's just not
Universal in every browser that you can
actually do something with oh yeah yeah
but I mean like thinking about it though
it's basically like non chrome browsers
on desktop only where this would be an
issue because on mobile they just like
won't allow you to select a folder and
they actually if you try to do selection
of a folder in there and well it's only
for drag-and-drop you can't really a
drag-and-drop on mobile anyway so it's
just you know non Chrome desktop
browsers so it's a fairly small slice
anyway and the other thing Michael
figured out how to do which I not much
people noticed when I was just clicking
through its once I like if I upload a
file in lesson one when I proceed to
lesson two unless i refresh my page or
something that file is still uploaded
there for you to work with you can
replace it if you want to
but that's a nice feature I kind of give
some consistency across um Porsha is
sending us text updates which I shall
now read from the group Porsha I created
a landing page for the call it needs to
test the alert bar I presume that means
a landing page for the yeah the other
call yeah the ipfs weekly call and she's
looking for speakers for the ipfs weekly
call so that's the call on which we
invite the whole ipfs community to come
together and the real highlight of that
call is like a demo or presentation by
someone who's been doing something
interesting cool new with ipfs so they
might have built an interesting the app
or be telling us about the way they're
building the community in Hong Kong or
whatever else it is see if you have any
projects you'd like to share you can
reach out to Portia actually she has a
document she just liked to which we can
add to the notes for the call as well
anything I got wrong or you like to add
portions danner Jim do you have anything
you aren't sure sure I'd say right off
the bat Portia I'm not sure if it'd be
ready quite yet by like next week but
talking about some of the Colorado
community and specifically how I'd like
to use the ipfs meetup to help build out
an IPF has staff for what we're doing in
the Colorado blockchain scene here and
then using that as a toolset to
effectively be a distributed community
hosted set of resources is what I'd
really like to talk about but I don't
think we're at the point where I can
show off anything yet talk about the
idea so maybe in a few weeks so I'll get
back to you so that's actually kind of
exciting is some of the events I want to
do here in Denver
we'll start revolving around that as an
idea is a project one thing I really
like doing with the community here
especially in the developer community is
like let's get together just do project
nights you know maybe it's every week
every other week or something like that
where we may or may not have some kind
of presentation or
workshop but it's just to get together
and work together with the other people
who want to learn or are working on
something specific so like I give s or
whatever their particular meet up is so
that's gonna start coming and I think
the next meetup that I'm excited to talk
about what some people are maybe Jim I
could even have you call into this one
is there's some questions about like
comparing contrasting ipfs with some
other other distributed network
protocols like that and talking about
tor things that you know are parallel at
least in some ways and how they compare
and contrast the things so that we can
make a deeper side you know sure yeah
I've actually done a few of those close
okay fantastic so yeah we'll have to get
in touch afterwards and sets up my
awesome anything new in your world that
you want to share Jim not too much just
trying to work on finalizing some
changes to the the Pinner for that's
going to keep all the the content alive
for peer pad when we finally launch the
new version and actually use the
critical tutorials to learn how to do IP
LT because they're going to know how did
you find the experience is good I mean
this there's not a lot there yet but
seriously what was there as high quality
so yeah
all right sorry I'm just attempting to
take notes on some of this stuff we
talked about since I forgot to
astronauts I'm just scrolling on here
Michael did you wanna run through pay
hours or anything else before we drop
her um I mean we basically I think we
covered most of them just in the update
like that's what people have been
working on it's just reported in the
website ignore all the ones we're not
working on yeah I think next week we'll
have to figure out like maybe do some
recalibration on when we think the
projections are now are you offering
baby viewing stand requested one Oh hold
on here I guess I can pick up the iPad
real quick ready to go one of the
youngest members of the ipfs community
[Music]
[Laughter]
very nice thank you bye yeah Deon does
the article we talked about seemed like
it might happen this month or probably
oh yeah no it's been sitting my inbox to
get back to you for it so definitely I
think I can put something in the books
maybe even over this weekend no crafts
out yeah sure so I'll definitely thank
you for the reminder on that thank you
for helping me on my past Torrance
partially achieving my okay yeah you got
it
very exciting if anyone else would like
to write about decentralized things
please do contact me anything else
before we go all right have fun in Paris
Portia it's like you're a Parisian mine
that's great right not in a box Portia
is linking us to an event from her
Meetup I think we'll meet up in Berlin
awesome yeah we're spreading okay all
right have a good week everyone and as a
reminder if you are not in the u.s. show
up an hour earlier than you think you
should next week hopefully you'll all be
here talk to you later all right thanks
bye guys